passthrough	state	"This flag is short for ‘passthrough build’. It has nothing to do with movement.
If not set (default), then the region protects it area.

If set to deny, then the region protects its area.

If set to allow, then the region no longer protects its area.

Where does the flag come into use?
When you are using other flags (PvP, healing, etc.) and you don’t want to prevent building.

Why not set build to allow (explained later) instead? That would override other regions and let people build!"
nonplayer-protection-domains	set of strings	"Non-player associables, such as pistons, are usually members of either all regions in which they are in or only of the regions with the highest priorities in which they are in, depending on the use-max-priority-association Configuration setting and if it is a Global Region. Thus there can be borders between regions, such that pistons cannot move blocks from one region into another region.
The borders between the regions can be removed for non-player associables by setting the nonplayer-protection-domains flags of these regions. This flag is a set of strings, describing the domains to which the region belongs. If a non-player associable is a member of a region, then it is also a member of another region, if there is at least one domain to which both regions belong to."
Protection-Related		
build	state	"Everything:
Whether blocks can be mined or placed

Whether doors, levers, etc. (but not inventories) can be used

Whether entities and blocks can be interacted with

Whether player versus player combat is permitted

Whether sleeping in a bed is permitted

Whether inventories can be accessed

Whether vehicles (boats, minecarts) can be placed

etc."
interact	state	"Everything that involves ‘using’ a block or entity:
Whether doors, levers, etc. (but not inventories) can be used

Whether vehicles (including animals) can be mounted

etc."
block-break	state	Whether blocks can be broken
block-place	state	Whether blocks can be placed
use	state	Whether doors, levers, etc. (but not inventories) can be used
damage-animals	state	Whether players can harm friendly animals (cows, sheep, etc)
chest-access	state	Whether inventories can be accessed
ride	state	Whether vehicles (including animals) can be mounted
pvp	state	Whether player versus player combat is permitted
sleep	state	Whether sleeping in a bed is permitted
respawn-anchors	state	Whether respawn anchors can be activated
tnt	state	Whether TNT detonation or block damage is permitted
vehicle-place	state	Whether vehicles (boats, minecarts) can be placed
vehicle-destroy	state	Whether vehicles can be destroyed
lighter	state	Whether flint and steel or a fire charge can be used
block-trampling	state	Whether farmland and turtle or sniffer eggs can be trampled
frosted-ice-form	state	Whether players with frost walker boots will form ice
item-frame-rotation	state	Whether items can be rotated within item frames
firework-damage	state	Whether fireworks can deal damage to entities
use-anvil	state	Whether anvils can be used
use-dripleaf	state	Whether dripleaf can be used
Mobs, Fire, and Explosions		
creeper-explosion	state	Whether creeper explosions can do damage
enderdragon-block-damage	state	Whether enderdragons can do block damage (destroy blocks)
ghast-fireball	state	Whether ghast fireballs and wither skulls can do damage
other-explosion	state	Whether explosions can do damage
fire-spread	state	Whether fire can spread
enderman-grief	state	Whether endermen will break/place blocks
snowman-trails	state	Whether snow golem will create snow beneath them
ravager-grief	state	Whether ravagers will break blocks
mob-damage	state	Whether mobs can hurt players
mob-spawning	state	Whether mobs can spawn, including ‘manually’ spawning via commands, spawn eggs, or similar methods
deny-spawn	set of entity types	A list of entity types that cannot spawn, including ‘manually’ spawning via commands, spawn eggs, or similar methods
entity-painting-destroy	state	Whether non-player entities can destroy paintings
entity-item-frame-destroy	state	Whether non-player entities can destroy item frames
wither-damage	state	Whether withers can do damage (with their body explosions - skull projectiles are handled by ghast-fireball as mentioned above)
Natural Events		
lava-fire	state	Whether lava can start fires
lightning	state	Whether lightning can strike
water-flow	state	Whether water can flow
lava-flow	state	Whether lava can flow
snow-fall	state	Whether snow will form tiles on the ground
snow-melt	state	Whether snow will melt
ice-form	state	Whether ice will form
ice-melt	state	Whether ice will melt
frosted-ice-melt	state	Whether frosted ice will melt
mushroom-growth	state	Whether mushrooms will grow
leaf-decay	state	Whether leaves will decay
grass-growth	state	Whether grass will grow
mycelium-spread	state	Whether mycelium will spread
vine-growth	state	Whether vines (and kelp) will grow
rock-growth	state	Whether rocks (dripstone, etc) will grow
sculk-growth	state	Whether sculk (sculk and sculk vines) will grow
crop-growth	state	Whether crops (wheat, potatoes, melons, etc) will grow
soil-dry	state	Whether soil will dry
coral-fade	state	Whether coral will die when not in water
copper-fade	state	Whether copper will fade
Movement		
entry	state	Whether players (by default non-members) can enter the region
exit	state	Whether players (by default non-members) can exit the region
exit-via-teleport	state	"Whether players can exit the region via teleport.
This only takes effect if the player is otherwise denied exiting the region"
exit-override	boolean	Whether to always allow a player to exit
entry-deny-message	string	The message issued to players that are denied entry
exit-deny-message	string	The message issued to players that are denied exit
notify-enter	boolean	Whether players with the worldguard.notify permission are notified when another player enters the region
notify-leave	boolean	Whether players with the worldguard.notify permission are notified when another player leaves the region
greeting	string	The message that appears in chat upon entering the region
greeting-title	string	The title that appears upon entering the region. Including a newline (\n) will send a subtitle.
farewell	string	The message that appears in chat upon leaving the region
farewell-title	string	The title that appears upon leaving the region. Including a newline (\n) will send a subtitle.
enderpearl	state	Whether enderpearls can be used
chorus-fruit-teleport	state	Whether chorus fruits can be used to teleport
teleport	location	The location to teleport to when the /region teleport command is used with the region name
spawn	location	The location to spawn or teleport to when a player (by default member) dies within the region
teleport-message	string	The message issued to players that are teleported with /region teleport
Map Making		
item-pickup	state	Whether items can be picked up
item-drop	state	Whether items can be dropped
exp-drops	state	Whether XP drops are permitted
deny-message	string	The message issued to players that are denied an action
invincible	state	Whether players are invincible
fall-damage	state	Whether entities receive fall damage
game-mode	gamemode	The gamemode (survival, creative, adventure) that will be applied to players that enter the region
time-lock	string	Time of day in ticks (between 0 and 24000) that players will see the world as while in the region. Use + or - for time relative to the world time.
weather-lock	weather	Type of weather players will see when in the region. This does not affect world mechanics. Valid values are rain and clear.
natural-health-regen	state	Whether players should naturally regen health from being satiated or being in peaceful mode.
natural-hunger-drain	state	Whether players should naturally lose hunger due to saturation/exhaustion levels.
heal-delay	integer	The number of seconds between heals (if heal-amount is set). Set to 0 to disable.
heal-amount	integer	The amount of half hearts to heal (or hurt if negative) the player at the rate of heal-delay
heal-min-health	double	The minimum number of half hearts that damage (via heal-amount) will not exceed
heal-max-health	double	The maximum number of half hearts that healing (via heal-amount) will not exceed
feed-delay	integer	See equivalent heal flag, except this is for food
feed-amount	integer	See equivalent heal flag, except this is for food
feed-min-hunger	integer	See equivalent heal flag, except this is for food
feed-max-hunger	integer	See equivalent heal flag, except this is for food
blocked-cmds	set of strings	A list of commands to block
allowed-cmds	set of strings	A list of commands to whitelist (any unallowed commands will be blocked)
Miscellaneous		
pistons	state	Whether pistons can be used
send-chat	state	Whether players can send chat
receive-chat	state	Whether players can receive chat
potion-splash	state	Whether potions can have splash effects